Add 2 new commands to Exabeam integration (#40781)
demisto/content: Packs/Exabeam/ReleaseNotes/2_4_6.md

#### Integrations

##### Exabeam Advanced Analytics

> - Added support for **exabeam-add-comment** command that adds a comment to an incident.
> - Added support for **exabeam-change-incident-status** command that changes incident status.

Reviewer: the format of the rn when adding new commands should looks like this:
```suggestion
- Added 2 commands:
  - ***exabeam-add-comment*** that adds a comment to an incident.
  - ***exabeam-change-incident-status*** that changes incident status.
```
